Introduce default dark theme (#9479)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Upgrade.md

</Datagrid>
```

## A `darkTheme` is now provided by default

> If not themes are configured in the `<Admin>` component prop, React-admin enable the [dark mode feature](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/AppTheme.html#light-and-dark-themes) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If themes are not configured using the `<Admin>` component props, React-admin enables the [dark mode feature](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/AppTheme.html#light-and-dark-themes).
```

> If you don't need the dark mode feature, you need to explicitly disable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need the dark mode feature, you'll have to explicitly disable it:
```

```diff
-<Admin>
+<Admin darkTheme={null}>
   ...
</Admin>
```

> To best manage the `theme` prop, here are the priorities applied depending on whether the `theme` prop is provided or not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the priorities applied depending on whether the `theme` prop is provided or not:
```

- if `theme` is not provided, the [default light and dark theme](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/AppTheme.html#default) are used;

> - if `theme` is not provided the `lightTheme` prop is ignored (no change from before);

Reviewer: Nope

</Datagrid>
```

## Dark Theme Is Available By Default

In addition to the light theme, React-admin v5 includes a [dark theme](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/AppTheme.html#light-and-dark-themes), renders a theme switcher in the app bar, and chooses the default theme based on the user OS preferences. 

If you don't need the dark mode feature, you'll have to explicitly disable it:

```diff
-<Admin>
+<Admin darkTheme={null}>
   ...
</Admin>
```

> If the `theme` prop is defined but not the `darkTheme` prop, theme switcher button in the app bar isn't displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `theme` prop is defined but not the `darkTheme` prop, the theme switcher button in the app bar isn't displayed:
```
